Adding Karpenter on Fargate troubleshooting doc (#1864)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/troubleshooting.md

# Check Kubelet logs
sudo journalctl -u kubelet
```
## CoreDNS issues deploying Karpenter on Fargate

> Karpenter deployments on Fargate can fail if the latest CoreDSN is not used.

Reviewer: Small spelling error CoreDSN --> CoreDNS.

Author: Oops. Thanks. Fixed

> Karpenter deployments on Fargate can fail if the latest CoreDSN is not used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Karpenter deployments on Fargate can fail if CoreDNS has nowhere to run.  It can be configured to run on either Fargate itself or in a managed node group.
```

Author: Good suggestion. Done.
